src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplication.java:15:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplication.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplication.java:17:	Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplication.java:17:	Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplication.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:26:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'nameValuePair' (lines '26'-'35').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:26:	Parameter 'notificationId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:27:	Parameter 'currentUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:28:	Avoid excessively long variable names like redirectAttributes
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:28:	Parameter 'redirectAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:30:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'url' (lines '30'-'32').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:33:	Local variable 'parse' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:34:	Local variable 'nameValuePair' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/DeleteNotificationController.java:38:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:34:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:34:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:34:	Parameter 'response' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:35:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:45:	Parameter 'request' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:45:	protectedMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:46:	Parameter 'includeStackTrace' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ExceptionHandlingController.java:47:	Local variable 'requestAttributes' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:19:	All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:19:	The class 'JobHelper' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:19:	The class 'JobHelper' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 20).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:19:	The class 'JobHelper' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:19:	The class 'JobHelper' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:21:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'jobInfo' (lines '21'-'26').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:21:	Parameter 'project' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:21:	Parameter 'schedulerService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:22:	Parameter 'dueDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:22:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:23:	Local variable 'newJobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:25:	Local variable 'jobInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:31:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'jobInfo' (lines '31'-'36').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:31:	Parameter 'schedulerService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:31:	Parameter 'task' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:32:	Parameter 'dueDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:32:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:33:	Local variable 'newJobs' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:35:	Local variable 'jobInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:42:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:42:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'jobInfo' (lines '42'-'61').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:42:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:42:	Parameter 'schedulerService' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:42:	The method 'createAndDeleteJobs' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:42:	The method 'createAndDeleteJobs' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 20.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:42:	The method 'createAndDeleteJobs' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:42:	The method 'createAndDeleteJobs' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:42:	The method createAndDeleteJobs() has an NPath complexity of 20412
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:42:	The method createAndDeleteJobs() has an NPath complexity of 20412
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:43:	Parameter 'dueDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:43:	Parameter 'existingJobs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:43:	Parameter 'forTask' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:43:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:45:	Local variable 'newJobInfos' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like j
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:46:	Local variable 'existingJobTypes' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:47:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'createOneDayJob' (lines '47'-'51').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createThreeDaysJob
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:48:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'createThreeDaysJob' (lines '48'-'54').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:49:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createSevenDaysJob
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:49:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'createSevenDaysJob' (lines '49'-'57').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:60:	Local variable 'jobInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:73:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:79:	Local variable 'jobInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:83:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:87:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:89:	Local variable 'jobInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:89:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:93:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:93:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:99:	Local variable 'jobInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelper.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:34:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:34:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:36:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:42:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationService
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:44:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:44:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:44:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:47:	Local variable 'allTasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:49:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:49:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:51:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:53:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:61:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:61:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:62:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:62:	The String literal "projectId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 62
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:63:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:64:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:64:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:71:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:71:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:71:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:71:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like redirectAttributes
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:72:	Parameter 'redirectAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:72:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:74:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:74:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:78:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:80:	Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:80:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:86:	Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:86:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:92:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:92:	Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:97:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:106:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:106:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:106:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:107:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:108:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:109:	Parameter 'status' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:109:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:110:	Avoid excessively long variable names like redirectAttributes
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:110:	Parameter 'redirectAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:111:	Local variable 'optional' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:112:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:115:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:117:	Local variable 'newState' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:118:	Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/KanbanBoardController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginController.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginController.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginController.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginController.java:21:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginController.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginController.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginController.java:28:	Local variable 'auth' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginController.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:20:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:20:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:25:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationService
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:25:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:25:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:27:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:29:	Avoid unused method parameters such as 'userForm'.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:29:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:29:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:29:	Parameter 'userForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:35:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:35:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:35:	Parameter 'userForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:41:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:41:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:41:	Parameter 'userForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:42:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/MyPageController.java:46:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:30:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:30:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:35:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:37:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationService
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:37:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:37:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:40:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:40:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:40:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '45'-'55').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:45:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '45'-'55').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:45:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:45:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:51:	Local variable 'tasks' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:53:	Local variable 'map' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:54:	Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:55:	Local variable 'pid' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like p
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:56:	Local variable 'p' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pname' (lines '57'-'57').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:57:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'pname' (lines '57'-'57').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pname' (lines '57'-'75').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:57:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'pname' (lines '57'-'75').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:57:	Local variable 'pname' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:58:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:58:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:58:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:64:	Local variable 'taskList' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:66:	Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:66:	Parameter 'o1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:66:	Parameter 'o2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:78:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:78:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:78:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:78:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:79:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:80:	Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:81:	Local variable 'project' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewController.java:86:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:38:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:38:	The class 'ProjectController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:38:	The class 'ProjectController' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:38:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:44:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationService
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:50:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:52:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:52:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:52:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:62:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:62:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:63:	Parameter 'setProjectForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:63:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:64:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:67:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:67:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:70:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:70:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:73:	Local variable 'optional' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:76:	Local variable 'thisProject' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:85:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:85:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:85:	The method 'projectChange' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:85:	The method 'projectChange' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:85:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:86:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:87:	Parameter 'setProjectForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:87:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:88:	Avoid excessively long variable names like redirectAttributes
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:88:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:88:	Parameter 'redirectAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:90:	Avoid declaring a variable if it is unreferenced before a possible exit point.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:90:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:90:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'id' (lines '90'-'134').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:90:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:96:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:99:	Local variable 'optional' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:103:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:105:	Local variable 'newMember' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:107:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:109:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '109'-'134').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:109:	Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:109:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:110:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'projectDueDate' (lines '110'-'114').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:110:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'projectDueDate' (lines '110'-'134').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:112:	Local variable 'dueDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:114:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:123:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:136:	Parameter 'project' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:137:	Local variable 'jobInfo' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:137:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:138:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:142:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:151:	Parameter 'changedProject' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:151:	Parameter 'setProjectForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/ProjectController.java:152:	Parameter 'projectDueDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:16:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:16:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:19:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:22:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:25:	Parameter 'loginForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:30:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:30:	Parameter 'registrationForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:30:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationController.java:33:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:39:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:45:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:45:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationService
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:47:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:47:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:49:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:49:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:51:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:51:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:51:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:51:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:54:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:61:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:61:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:61:	The String literal "taskId" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 61
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:62:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:62:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:63:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:63:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:65:	Local variable 'optional' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:76:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:76:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:76:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:77:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:77:	Parameter 'setTaskForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:77:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:82:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:85:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:85:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:88:	Local variable 'optional' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:99:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:99:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:99:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:100:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:100:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:101:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:101:	Parameter 'setTaskForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:102:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:103:	Avoid excessively long variable names like redirectAttributes
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:103:	Parameter 'redirectAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:104:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:104:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:110:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:112:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:114:	Local variable 'optional' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:117:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:122:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'dateFormat' (lines '122'-'146').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:122:	Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:122:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:123:	Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'projectDueDate' (lines '123'-'127').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:123:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'projectDueDate' (lines '123'-'146').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:125:	Local variable 'dueDate' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:128:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:132:	Avoid throwing raw exception types.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:135:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:148:	Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:157:	Parameter 'changedTask' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:157:	Parameter 'setProjectForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:158:	Parameter 'projectDueDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:163:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:163:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:163:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:164:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:165:	Avoid excessively long variable names like redirectAttributes
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:165:	Parameter 'redirectAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:165:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:166:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:166:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:167:	Local variable 'optional' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskController.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:35:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:35:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:40:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationService
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:40:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:40:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:42:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:42:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:44:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:44:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:46:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:46:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:46:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:47:	Local variable 'findTaskById' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:48:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'task' (lines '51'-'67').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:51:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'task' (lines '51'-'67').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:51:	Local variable 'task' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:52:	Local variable 'taskNotes' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:53:	Local variable 'tNs' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like o1
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:55:	Avoid variables with short names like o2
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:55:	Parameter 'o1' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:55:	Parameter 'o2' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:55:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:70:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:70:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:70:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:71:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:71:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:72:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createTaskNoteForm
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:72:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:72:	Parameter 'createTaskNoteForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:74:	Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:79:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:79:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:87:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:87:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:87:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:88:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:88:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:88:	The String literal "taskId" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 88
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:89:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createTaskNoteForm
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:89:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:89:	Parameter 'createTaskNoteForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:94:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:94:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:94:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:95:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:95:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:96:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createTaskNoteForm
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:96:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:96:	Parameter 'createTaskNoteForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:103:	Parameter 'form' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:103:	Parameter 'model' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:104:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:104:	Parameter 'user' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like createTaskNoteForm
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:105:	Avoid excessively long variable names like redirectAttributes
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:105:	Parameter 'bindingResult' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:105:	Parameter 'createTaskNoteForm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:105:	Parameter 'redirectAttributes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:108:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:108:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:112:	A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:114:	Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'taskid' (lines '114'-'131').
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:114:	Local variable 'taskid' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:115:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:116:	Local variable 'newTaskNote' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:116:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:122:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:122:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:123:	Local variable 'newTaskNote' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/TaskDetailController.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/exception/ProjectNotFoundException.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/exception/ProjectNotFoundException.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/exception/ProjectNotFoundException.java:13:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/exception/ProjectNotFoundException.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/exception/TaskNotFoundException.java:9:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/exception/TaskNotFoundException.java:13:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/exception/TaskNotFoundException.java:13:	Parameter 'id' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/exception/TaskNotFoundException.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHORT_PROJECT_NAME_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_PROJECT_NAME_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:21:	Parameter 'projectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:29:	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateProjectForm.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:7:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHORT_TASK_NAME_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_TASK_NAME_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DUP_TASK_NAME_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WRONG_DUE_DATE_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OWNER_NOT_EXIST_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:16:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:36:	Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:44:	Parameter 'taskDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:52:	Parameter 'owner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:60:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:68:	Parameter 'dueDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskForm.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:5:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:6:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMPTY_PROGRESS_OR_CONTRIBUTION
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PROGRESS_MUST_NUMBER
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like CONTRIBUTION_MUST_NUMBER
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:22:	Parameter 'taskId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:25:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:28:	Parameter 'contribution' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:28:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:34:	Parameter 'progress' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:40:	Parameter 'comment' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/CreateTaskNoteForm.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:7:	Avoid excessively long variable names like WRONG_DUE_DATE_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like oneDayNotification
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:12:	Avoid excessively long variable names like threeDayNotification
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sevenDayNotificaion
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:15:	Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:23:	Parameter 'projectDueDate' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:31:	Avoid excessively long variable names like oneDayNotification
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:31:	Parameter 'oneDayNotification' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:39:	Avoid excessively long variable names like threeDayNotification
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:39:	Parameter 'threeDayNotification' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:47:	Avoid excessively long variable names like sevenDayNotificaion
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:47:	Parameter 'sevenDayNotificaion' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/FormWithNotification.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USERNAME_LENGTH_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PASSWORD_LENGTH_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like USERNAME_EQUAL_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PASSWORD_EQUAL_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:33:	Parameter 'username' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:37:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:41:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:45:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:49:	Parameter 'usernameRepeated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:53:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:57:	Parameter 'passwordRepeated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/RegistrationForm.java:57:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:5:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:5:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:7:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHORT_PROJECT_NAME_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:7:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NOTIFICATION_WITHOUT_DUE_DATE
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:23:	Parameter 'newMember' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:31:	Parameter 'projectName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:35:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:39:	Parameter 'description' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:47:	Parameter 'githubUrl' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetProjectForm.java:47:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:8:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:8:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like SHORT_TASK_NAME_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:10:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_TASK_NAME_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:10:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:11:	Avoid excessively long variable names like DUP_TASK_NAME_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:11:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:12:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:13:	Avoid excessively long variable names like OWNER_NOT_EXIST_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:14:	Avoid excessively long variable names like NO_EXISITING_MEMBER
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:14:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:27:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:30:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:32:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:36:	Parameter 'taskName' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:40:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:44:	Parameter 'taskDescription' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:44:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:48:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:52:	Parameter 'owner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:52:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:60:	Parameter 'projectId' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:60:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:64:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:68:	Parameter 'key' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetTaskForm.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:6:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:6:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:8:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PASSWORD_LENGTH_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:8:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:9:	Avoid excessively long variable names like PASSWORD_EQUAL_ERROR
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:9:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:13:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:17:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:19:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:23:	Parameter 'password' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:31:	Parameter 'passwordRepeated' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/form/SetUserForm.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:13:	Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:14:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:18:	Parameter 'errors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:18:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:19:	Local variable 'form' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/PasswordRepititionValidator.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:12:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:12:	The class 'SetProjectFormValidator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:12:	The class 'SetProjectFormValidator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:12:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:14:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:15:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:15:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:18:	Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:23:	Parameter 'errors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:23:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:23:	The method 'validate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:23:	The method 'validate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:24:	Local variable 'setProjectForm' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:31:	Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:34:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:35:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidator.java:35:	These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:19:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:19:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:21:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:22:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:23:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:24:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:25:	Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:26:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:26:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:29:	Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:34:	Parameter 'errors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:34:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:34:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:35:	Local variable 'setTaskForm' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:37:	Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:37:	Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:39:	Local variable 'projectMembers' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:40:	Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:40:	Local variable 'findAny' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetTaskFormValidator.java:42:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:15:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:15:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:18:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:21:	Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:21:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:22:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:26:	Parameter 'errors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:26:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:27:	Local variable 'taskForm' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:28:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:33:	Local variable 'format' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:33:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskFormValidator.java:35:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:11:	The class 'TaskNoteFormValidator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 17).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:11:	The class 'TaskNoteFormValidator' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 10 (Highest = 17).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:11:	The class 'TaskNoteFormValidator' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:11:	The class 'TaskNoteFormValidator' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:15:	Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:15:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:16:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:18:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:18:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:19:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:19:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:20:	Avoid excessively long variable names like EMPTY_PROGRESS_OR_CONTRIBUTION
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:20:	Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:20:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:23:	Parameter 'errors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:23:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:23:	The method 'validate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:23:	The method 'validate' has a Cyclomatic Complexity of 17.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:23:	The method 'validate' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:23:	The method 'validate' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:23:	The method validate() has an NPath complexity of 2160
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:23:	The method validate() has an NPath complexity of 2160
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:23:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:24:	Local variable 'taskForm' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:25:	Local variable 'emptyComment' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:25:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:25:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:26:	Local variable 'emptyContribution' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:26:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:26:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:27:	Local variable 'emptyProgress' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:27:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:27:	Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:46:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:46:	Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:46:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:56:	Avoid variables with short names like a
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:56:	Local variable 'a' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/TaskNoteFormValidator.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:10:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:10:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:13:	Parameter 'clazz' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:13:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:14:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:18:	Parameter 'errors' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:18:	Parameter 'target' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:18:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:19:	Local variable 'form' could be declared final
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:20:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/main/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/UsernameAndPasswordRepititionValidator.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:41:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:41:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:43:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:43:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:46:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:51:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:56:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:61:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:61:	Avoid really long methods.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:61:	Avoid really long methods.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:61:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:61:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:70:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:71:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:78:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:81:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:82:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:88:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:94:	Local variable 'projectName' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:95:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:96:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:100:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:102:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:105:	The String literal "kanbanboard" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 105
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:108:	The String literal "projectName" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 108
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:109:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:120:	The String literal "projectSettingSubmit" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 120
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:126:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:127:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:136:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:142:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:143:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:145:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:149:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:150:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:156:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:160:	Local variable 'errorWrapper' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:162:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:165:	Local variable 'taskName' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:166:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:167:	Local variable 'taskDescription' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:168:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:169:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:170:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:173:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/SamApplicationTests.java:174:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:1:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:26:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:26:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:29:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:29:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:36:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:36:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/DataSourceSetupIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:28:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:28:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:31:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:31:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:34:	Avoid excessively long variable names like userWithoutPwdRepo
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:34:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:34:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:38:	Avoid variables with short names like em
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:38:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:38:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:41:	JUnit tests should not contain more than 1 assert(s).
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:42:	Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:43:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:45:	Local variable 'findOne' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:48:	Local variable 'userWOPw' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:50:	Local variable 'findOne2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/EntityManagerCombinationTest.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:13:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:13:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:16:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:17:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:18:	Local variable 'embeddedDatabase' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:27:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:28:	Local variable 'builder' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:29:	Local variable 'embeddedDatabase' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/persistence/TestDataSourceConfig.java:29:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:1:	A high number of imports can indicate a high degree of coupling within an object.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:1:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:38:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:46:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:46:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:46:	This class has too many methods, consider refactoring it.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:48:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:50:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:53:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:53:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:55:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:55:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:58:	You may have misspelled a JUnit framework method (setUp or tearDown)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:58:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:59:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:66:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:66:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:67:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:68:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:69:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:74:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:74:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:76:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:82:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:82:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:89:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:90:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:91:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:92:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:96:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:96:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:98:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:99:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:103:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:103:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:104:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:105:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:106:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:110:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:110:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:111:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:112:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:113:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:117:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:118:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:119:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (static property access)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:123:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:124:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:128:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:128:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:129:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:130:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:131:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:132:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:133:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:134:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:138:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:138:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:139:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:140:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:141:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:145:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:145:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:146:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:147:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:148:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:152:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:152:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:153:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:154:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:155:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:159:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:159:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:160:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:161:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:164:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:169:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:174:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:175:	Local variable 'mock' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:176:	Local variable 'user' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:177:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:178:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/SecurityIntegrationTest.java:179:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/AbstractControllerIntegrationTest.java:18:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/AbstractControllerIntegrationTest.java:18:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/AbstractControllerIntegrationTest.java:21:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/AbstractControllerIntegrationTest.java:21:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/AbstractControllerIntegrationTest.java:23:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/AbstractControllerIntegrationTest.java:23:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/AbstractControllerIntegrationTest.java:26:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/AbstractControllerIntegrationTest.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:1:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:30:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:30:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:33:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:34:	Local variable 'schedulerService' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:35:	Avoid excessively long variable names like notificationBuilderMock
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:35:	Local variable 'notificationBuilderMock' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:40:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:41:	Local variable 'jobInfo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:43:	Local variable 'jobInfo2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:45:	Local variable 'jobInfo3' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:47:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:48:	Avoid excessively long variable names like formWithNotification
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:48:	Local variable 'formWithNotification' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:49:	Local variable 'dueDate' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:50:	Local variable 'dateFormat' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:50:	When instantiating a SimpleDateFormat object, specify a Locale
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:55:	Local variable 'project' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:56:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:57:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:61:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:62:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:68:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:69:	Local variable 'schedulerService' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:70:	Local variable 'form' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:71:	Local variable 'projectMock' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:72:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:73:	Local variable 'jobInfo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:75:	Local variable 'jobInfo2' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:77:	Local variable 'jobInfo3' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:79:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:83:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:89:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:90:	Local variable 'schedulerService' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:91:	Local variable 'form' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:93:	Local variable 'projectMock' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:94:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:95:	Local variable 'jobInfo' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/JobHelperTest.java:101:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:1:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:11:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:11:	This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:11:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:14:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:14:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:15:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:15:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:15:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:17:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:22:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:22:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:23:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:25:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:26:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/LoginControllerIntegrationTest.java:27:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:1:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:25:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:25:	This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:25:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:28:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:28:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:31:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:32:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:33:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:34:	The String literal "admin" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 34
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:41:	Found 'UR'-anomaly for variable 'project' (lines '41'-'44').
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:41:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:42:	Local variable 'allProjects' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:43:	Local variable 'project' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:50:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:50:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:52:	The String literal "/overview" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 52
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:53:	The String literal "ABC" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 53
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:57:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:62:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:62:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:63:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:64:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:66:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:67:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:72:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:72:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:73:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:74:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:77:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:78:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:83:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:83:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:84:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:85:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/OverviewControllerIntegrationTest.java:88:	JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:1:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:14:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:14:	This class name ends with Test but contains no test cases
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:14:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:17:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:17:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:18:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:19:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:20:	The String literal "admin" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 20
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:24:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:29:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:29:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:30:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:31:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:36:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:37:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:38:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:39:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:43:	A method/constructor shouldnt explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:43:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:44:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:50:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:51:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:52:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/controller/RegistrationControllerIntegrationTest.java:53:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:1:	Too many static imports may lead to messy code
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:30:	Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:30:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:33:	Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:33:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:35:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:36:	fieldCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:39:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:40:	Local variable 'setProjectForm' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:42:	Local variable 'mockErrors' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:45:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:45:	The String literal "error.newMember.short" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 45
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:45:	The String literal "projectName" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 45
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:49:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:50:	Local variable 'setProjectForm' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:52:	Local variable 'mockErrors' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:55:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:59:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:60:	Local variable 'setProjectForm' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:62:	Local variable 'mockErrors' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:65:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:69:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:70:	Local variable 'setProjectForm' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:72:	Local variable 'mockErrors' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:75:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:79:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:80:	Local variable 'form' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:83:	Local variable 'mockErrors' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:86:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:90:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:91:	Local variable 'form' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:94:	Local variable 'mockErrors' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:97:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:103:	headerCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:105:	Comment is too large: Line too long
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:107:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:112:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:117:	publicMethodCommentRequirement Required
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:118:	Local variable 'userService' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:119:	Local variable 'mockUser' could be declared final
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:120:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:121:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (method chain calls)
src/test/java/kr/ac/kaist/se/tardis/web/validator/SetProjectFormValidatorTest.java:122:	Potential violation of Law of Demeter (object not created locally)
